EZEE-3097 As a developer, I want to associate a site skeleton to a design (#60)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/site_organization/site_factory.md

    
    ![Create a new site step one](img/site_factory_new_site_step_1.png)
    

>     If the design has defined Site skeleton, you can choose if you want to copy entire content structure of the design with a toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the design defines a Site skeleton, you can choose if you want to copy the entire content structure of the design with a toggle.
```
